Supporting Post search filtering again for VSO (#4011)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/4011.bugfix.rst

> Fixed unhashable type `zeep.objects.QueryResponseBlock` error while post search filtering of
> VSO results using `~sunpy.net.vso.vso.HashedResponse` class by implementing `__has__` method using fileid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sunpy moved to using Zeep for 1.0, we broke the ability to filter search results from the sunpy.net.vso.`VSOClient`.
This feature has been restored by enabling the hashing of the the results from the `sunpy.net.vso.VSOClient` using the "fileid".
```

> When sunpy moved to using Zeep for 1.0, we broke the ability to filter search results from the `sunpy.net.vso.VSOClient`.
> This feature has been restored by enabling the hashing of the the results from the `sunpy.net.vso.VSOClient` using the "fileid".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ability to to filter search results from the `~sunpy.net.vso.VSOClient` was broken.
This has now been restored.
```

Author: Done.
